creat a new python application.
the app should run on windows and linux (raspberry pi).
the purpose of the app is to resemble a tallylist for different users.
main screen uses the full screen (kiosk). it show the text "Show card to deduct coffee credit." separate line in german "Karte vorhalten um Kaffeeguthaben abzubuchen".
Below a button to charged credit with the text "Charge credit / Guthaben laden".
To the right of this button, the is another one with text "Show credit / Guthaben anzeigen".
There will be a card reader attached to the system which uses a com port. Reader is a Eltatec TWN4 with simple protocol.
The app polls every second the reader for presented card.
If a card is present, it reads the card id  an queries on a MySql database for an entry with the given id.
If the id was found, it reduced the coffe debit by one and shows the name of the card owner and the remainind coffe credit for 5 seconds. afterwards it retunrns to the mains screen.
if during this time a new card or the same card (by removing from receiving range of the reader and bringing in again), the wait time is aborted and the new result is shown.

on the main screen, when no card is present, and the users taps/clicks the charge credit button. the charge screen in the form of a modal window is shown. it has a up/down controll where the number of coffee credit to charge can be set. a cancel button closes the window and shows the main screen again. An Ok button brings up another modal with the text "Present card to charge/Karte vorhalten um aufzuladen" is shown. there is a cancel button which brings the user back to the modal dialog. if a card is presented, the card id is looked up on the MySql database. if the id was found, the credit is incremented by the amount set. All dialogs are closed and on the main screen the card holder name and current credit is shown for 5 sec.

On the main screen, when no card is present, and the users taps/clicks the show credit button, a model is shown with text "Present card to show credit/Karte vorhalten guthaben anzuzeigen". a cancel button closes the dialog an brings the user back to the main screen. If a card is presented the dialog is closed and on the main screen the card holder name and current credit is shown for 5 sec.

Create the app.
create a script to install all necessary python packages or use a python environment.
create a readme with intructions to set up the development environement an how to run the app in production.
For the UI, use PyGame. the Ui can be modern and creative.
Creat a script to set up the MySql database.
Use the latest stable version for all packages.
the MySql connection paramaters and url should be in a config file.